the barcelona did not happen of the tie in his visit to the games of the Mediterranean of
almería in the reunion of pep guardiola son yellow
student and teacher but this Saturday rivals
he went out with all the barcelona just look for centered rotations
the almeria if it is to advance in the score very soon 12 minute corner
that crusat boot and schism of the head by 1 to 0
phenomenal testarazo of the rojiblanco defense that surpasses all the behind
culé by high
before the eyes of víctor valdés
Diego Alves was going to become the big club nightmare in Almería
shot by xavi
Paradón of the Brazilian goal
makes a pair to the almeria error of militated in the clearance zapatazo de uche that
diverted valdés
Puyol very attentive disrupted the Andalusian danger
but had the draw this time hand to hand with canary alves
again the goal of the average avoided the goal of Barcelona
I was not going to see the red card for protesting this action center of alves
ortiz hinders messi
and to penalty the coach Edgardo Melhem was on his way to the locker room
those protests were the prelude to Barcelona's draw because after this
long play the ball is floating in the air
ibrahimovic stands with bernardello does not seem to have been lacking
the player of almería
but clos gómez points the same
and leo messi began to give this Saturday in almeria affirmed in 1 1 with this great goal
of direct fault
even prevented the Argentinean and the break was reached with tables in the
marker
Shortly after the resumption, Almería will return to take advantage of the center
of guillerme for the arrival of piatti puyol in his attempt to cut the shipment
gets the ball in his own goal with the almeria
it ran the minute 57 and the game was getting very uphill to Barcelona
the worst was to come to attack and barcelona were pedro xavi
clos gomez for the game at the request of his assistant to close his assistant
I expel ibrahimovic red straight to Swedish
an alleged aggression on schism the repeat you see how exclusion
it seems at least something excessive
world - the barcelona was launched in search of the tie and stowage arrive five minutes
after center of pedro from the left does not succeed to clear well
guillerme
lio messi marks the 2nd
it is very serious error of the rojiblanco lateral
It served him so much on a platter to the Argentine so that I read Messi signed his double
particular
own messi had the third instants after the Argentine's personal move
but his shot too meek
alves spies
shortly after he tried fortune xavi assortment went away skimming the squad
of the Almeria goal
after the two announcements of the barcelona point was the comedy of taking the
victoria personal play of cueto a pass back to soriano
shot of the rojiblanco half point goes high
Luna still had a chance left ball that was loose in the front
against messi
dignified intervention of alves to avoid the Barça goal
with this action practically reached the end the barcelona left
escape two points of your visit almería